

# Date of the meeting: Tuesday, February 19th, 2019 (meeting #4)

_**Call Time**: 5 pm GMT (San Francisco Tue 09:00, Thessaloniki Tue 19:00, Melbourne, Wed 02:00)_ - _[to local time](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?msg=CarpentryCon&iso=20190122T19&p1=1428&ah=1)_.

Connection info: https://zoom.us/my/sheraaronhurt

## Attendees

1. Sher!
2. Mina
3. Fotis (_Will be traveling at the time, so connection issues are to be expected_)
4. Bianca
5. Marco
6. Gabriel (_I am having challenges connecting. I get connected but Zoom freezes and I can't hear anything_)
7. Anne Fouilloux
8. Sarah Stevens
9. Ouso
10. Serah Rono
11. Malvika (_Will most probably be delayed_)
12. Silvia (_Sorry I am sick but I will be listening_)
13. Mark
14. Ana
15. Sateesh Peri

## Apologies:

1. Jessica

## Agenda points (suggested before the meeting)

1. Review action points from previous call;
	- Venue bidding template/form review report (Bianca & Fotis)
		- [BidTemplate2018](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iLfRSnRJ_J7laBhFAQsMgjiX_-P5v3BFtQ4f5WaMZQ8/edit)
		- [BidForm2018](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/15MwQIucsR3H13QTNBmVHqUzlx201olldBNtxZV_ExsU/edit)
	- Theme bidding form creation (Ouso & Malvika)
	- Website (Anne & Bianca)
	- Sponsorship (Sher!)
	- Blog on **venue** and **theme** (Malvika)

2. Fine-tuning the organizational structure of the TF (Malvika & Fotis).

3. Chair of the next call.

## Discussions

### Venue/Theme bids
- Fotis and Bianca had not discussed the form yet. The various sections for consideration were highlighted.
- Members’ contributions included:
	- Consider an _attention-grabber_ phrase regarding the intent of the Con.
	- Add question on the presence of a quiet/prayer room.
	- Add quiz on local transport systems as regarding nearby shopping centres.
	- Add the lower limit of 150 (recommended from the debrief doc) participants to the form.
	- Question arose on the estimated time for the conference upon which to base the time frames. While it was noted that narrowing down on the venue was critical in deciding this, together with the availability of the TF members on the ground, it was a necessary thing to ponder over already. The idea of mini surveys in the form of _would you make it to the CarpCon2020 if it were held at X and between Y and Z period?_ was floated for consideration.
	 - It was agreed that contributions to the venue bid template come in by 22nd Friday, Feb 2019. This will enable the updating of the form for earliest publication.
	  - We agreed to create a simple Theme bid form.
	  - Malvika had done well to [draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ssw-A7TU6LB8JFEahl11QgB4gZBzKD8D2534mc7g-Bc/edit) the blog post already, which folks contributed to well already. Suggestions to be incorporated.
	  - The presence of the 2020 TF to be synchronised with the next Carpentries Community call in March (date TBC) to highlight TF progress.
	  
### Website
- Updates have begun on the website facilitated by Anne, Bianca & Ana; _[GitHub repo](https://github.com/BinxiePeterson/carpentrycon2020), [Rendered website](https://binxiepeterson.github.io/carpentrycon2020/), [Project](https://github.com/BinxiePeterson/carpentrycon2020/projects/1)_
- Members’ contributions included:
	- Consider better accessibility and wider inclusion.
	- A more detailed approach to the “contacts tab” was reported, that is, something beyond just the email address.
	- Add areas of responsibility plus the respective leads and persons in-charge, with contact details for queries.
	- Consider linking queries to TF platforms (such as Slack, GitHub, Twitter) to avoid redundancies in responses.
	
### Sponsorships
- Sher! noted that there was not much to report on yet and reiterated the need for being looped-in in any communication with possible sponsors. A plan is to be worked out. 
- Members’ contributions included:
	- Come up with a list of already-contacted/available sponsors to avoid redundancies.
	
### Venue and Theme blog
- Malvika reported that a draft was ready, see above. I t will await the readiness of the respective bid forms to publish it.

### Fine-tuning TF structural org
- Malvika moved an idea to capitalize on the experiences of the of the previous team in form of officially having some of them (2—3) as overseers/ex-officio/supervisors to mentor and guide the present TF. This was well received and adopted as a desirable culture for the **CarpCon** going forward. The responsibility of planning and executing the **CarpCon** will however remain squarely on the TF members.

### Chair of the next call

- **Sarah Stevens**

## Action points:

1. _**Serah:**_ Come up with a survey form to poll the availability of the TF members at particular times of the year. This will contribute on settling on a time frame for the CarpCon, besides other factors.
2. _**Sarah & Anne:**_ To create the theme bid form and invite reviews by 22nd Friday, Feb 2019.
3. _**Sher!:**_ Create a sponsor recruiting/identification form by 26th Feb, 2019.
4. _**Ouso:**_ Organise the minutes of the meeting.
5. _**Everyone:**_ Make attempt to contribute on the bid forms.
6. _**Everyone:**_ Attend the next Community call coming up in March.

## General contributions

- If you are a TF member who would like to be in the Slack, kindly join.
- Let's observe the time frames agreed upon.
- Add twitter handles to facilitate further networking and intergration of TF members.
- Check out the Community [calendar](https://carpentries.org/community/#community-events) for the next call.

## Next call

[9am Pacific / 17pm GMT / 19pm EEST  (San Francisco Thu 09:00, Thessaloniki Thu 19:00, Melbourne, Fri 02:00)](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?iso=20190305T20&p1=170&ah=1&am=30)

## Reference Etherpad

_**[CarpCon2020TFPad](https://pad.carpentries.org/2020carpentrycontaskforce)**_
